improve connector overview (#90)
calimero-is-near/docs: docs/bridge/connectors/overview.mdx

## Fungible Connector

The Fungible Connector facilitates the transfer of fungible tokens (FTs) between the public NEAR chain and the Calimero shard. It enables users to lock an FT token on one chain, mint a wrapped version of the token on the other chain, and later burn the wrapped token to unlock the original token.

:::info
For more information, please refer to the [Fungible Connector](https://docs.calimero.network/bridge/connectors/fungible_token_connector) page.
:::

## Non-Fungible Connector

The Non-Fungible Connector facilitates the transfer of non-fungible tokens (NFTs) between the public NEAR chain and the Calimero shard. It streamlines the process of locking an NFT on one chain, minting a wrapped version of the token on the other chain, and subsequently burning the wrapped token to unlock the original NFT. 

:::info
For more information, please refer to the [Non-Fungible Connector] (https://docs.calimero.network/bridge/connectors/non_fungible_token_connector%20copy) page.
:::

## Cross Shard Calls Connector

> The Cross Shard Calls Connector enables the execution of cross-shard calls within the Calimero ecosystem. It allows users to call methods on one chain's contracts from another chain, enhancing interoperability and enabling seamless interactions between shards. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cross Shard Calls Connector enables the execution of cross-chain calls between the Calimero and NEAR blockchains. It allows users to call methods on one chain's contracts from another chain, enhancing interoperability and enabling seamless interactions between chains. 
```
